# Online meeting 1/18/2023

---
Attended: All
Start Time: 5:00 PM
End Time: 6:15 PM
---

Goals for Today’s Meeting:
 - Convert ConOps Draft #1 from a presentation format into an article format to better match Professor Husson’s Template.
 - Submit the reformed ConOps.
 - Begin Delegating tasks for the PDP.
 - Start Brainstorming Potential Risks for the Risk Mitigation and Assessment meeting occurring on Sunday
 - Begin Market research for the PDP Draft #1

Task Status:
 - The Conops was put into the proper format and submitted on time
 - The weekly hours worked excel file was submitted to the week 2 weekly report
 - Tasks were not yet delegated to members for the PDP, but a tentative idea has come into mind as to who will work on what sections based on individual expertise.
 - Potential risks were identified and have been recorded for Sunday’s risk mitigation meeting.
 - Market research has not been started and the goal is to have the all research completed on Sunday as well so that the PDP Draft #1 may be completed on Monday.

Action Items (record responsibility for each on Tasks and Responsibilities Record)
 - Risk Mitigation Meeting: Will include all team members and will use a decision matrix to identify the probability and the severity of risks with the pendulum.
 - Market research and patent research will be delegated to Matt and Kathryn, while Joe and Austin begin compiling and forming the PDP Draft #1 Document.
 - The PDP Draft also needs to be converted into a presentation format after the draft has been reviewed by professor Husson.


# Online meeting 1/22/2023

---
Attended: All
Start Time: 5:00 PM
End Time: 7:30 PM
---

Goals for Today’s Meeting:
 - Finish ConOps Revisions
 - Risk Assessment and Mitigations
 - Market Research
 - PDP Draft #1 in Document Form Creation

Task Status:
 - ConOps Reform Has Been Completed
 - Market Research Has Been Completed
 - Risk Assessment and Mitigations Has Been Completed
 - PDP Draft #1 Is 80% Complete

Action Items (record responsibility for each on Tasks and Responsibilities Record)
 - Need To Review and Implement Engineering Standards – Matt and Joe
 - Perform Some Calculations - Matt
 - General Organizational Work and Further Market Research – Kat and Austin
